hey guys sometime they show you how to
make bulgogi which is another very
popular Korean dish so first we want to
do is take two socks green onions and
just chop them up and then basically
half an onion and one chop that up as
well all right one chop the green onions
up then just chop the onion up you don't
need to make them the pieces too thin
just cut them and of course the main
ingredient is the beef so all you need
to do is just get sirloin be thrown one
so you can get it like this I usually
buy up these little thinly sliced pieces
and just cut it up but you can actually
just get a huge you know chunk of Seoul
in and cut it but I find this a little
bit easier to do so just take her out on
the package and basically just cut it
into those little slices that you know
that you normally see bulgogi eat
so just cut like that just cut the whole
thing this is about a pound so cutting
up and then go to the next step
all right now for the marinade part so
what you're going to need is you're
going to need two tablespoons of rice
wine one two and you're gonna need two
tablespoons of sesame oil
- and then 1/4 cup of sugar and have a
cup of soy sauce because that's gonna be
a marinade so what you want to do is mix
this up first make sure this is all
mixed together and then what you want to
do is you want to let this sit for about
three hours and then you can cook it a
little bit oh he's been marinating for
couple hours all I need to do now is
just dump it into your pan your wok and
then just cook it on high heat for a
couple of minutes and that's basically
it
so here's the finished product so I hope
this helped you and enjoy